	diBlog 0.7 <http://sourceforge.net/projects/diblog/>

WHAT IS DIBLOG?

  A simple "drop-in" single-file blog script built to be easily integrated into
  most php sites

  diBlog is aimed to be a full "drop-in" replacement for complicated PHP blog
  software.

CURRENT FEATURES:

 * Ability to easily integrate into an existing PHP website by including header
   or footer files of your choice but can also be run as a standalone website.

 * Full commenting support with optional customizable human challenge questions
   to help prevent spam.

 * Simple direct admin panel for easily doing common tasks such as adding or
   deleting articles and comments, managing tags, setting up previews for
   articles, etc.

 * Customizable "Recent Comments" and "Tag Cloud" blocks that can be outputted
   anywhere on your site.

 * Simple single-page display of archives for easy navigation to a given
   article.

 * Supports diFonts to generate headers for articles in any TrueType font to
   match any color scheme with optional drop-shadow.

 * Totally W3C HTML4.0-Strict standards compliant and IE6 hacks are ONLY sent
   to IE6 via PHP browser detection.

 * Theme is 100% CSS based for easy theming by including any CSS stylesheet of
   your choice to over-ride the built-in defaults.

NOTES

  Give it a try in your site and let us know if you find it useful.

  We do not require any compensation for this project and we wrote it because
  we were unable to find any simple blogging application that suited our needs
  for easy integration into many of our clients websites... so we wrote our own
  and decided to share it with the community. 

  Although this application is totally open-source and free (GPL)... if you do
  find it useful and have a few bucks to spare please help feed us. 

  You can Paypal donations to billing@crosstechnical.net. 
 
  Any comments, questions, suggestions are both welcome and very much
  appreciated. 

  If you end up choosing this for your blogging needs on a project please shoot
  us the url so we can link to you!
